Update teams-ip-phones.md (#9149)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/devices/teams-ip-phones.md

The following devices are Certified under the Microsoft Teams phones Certification Program:

> >![NOTE]
> >If your phone it not listed below, manually provisioning the phone may be possible via the device's Generic profile and as a SIP device. See [SIP Gateway Configure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/sip-gateway-configure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If your phone is not listed below, manually provisioning the phone may be possible via the device's generic profile and as a SIP device. For more information, see [Configure SIP Gateway](/microsoftteams/sip-gateway-configure).
```
